1)What is npm?
NPM is central online repository for javascript packages.
It helps to use and share packages easily.
NPM helps to manage packages and their dependencies in your project for eg:- you have 2-3 dependencies in your package.json so it will
download all those dependencies when you run <npm i> and also download the dependencies required for the dependencies in your package.json.
https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/what-is-npm/

2)How does npm install npm packages?
When you run the command npm i <package-name> in your command-line interface, npm first checks if the package you're trying to download is already present in your local machine's cache. If it is, it will use the version from the cache and won't download it again. If it's not present in the cache, npm will connect to the npm registry, which is a central repository of packages available on npm.
When npm connects to the registry, it sends a request for the package specified in the command. The registry then searches its database for the package and returns the package information, including the version, author, and dependencies, to npm.
If the package is found in the registry, npm will download the package from the registry to your local machine, and then install it in the project's node_modules directory. If the package has any dependencies, npm will also download and install those packages in the node_modules directory, recursively.
Once the package is downloaded and installed, npm will also update the project's package.json file to include the package as a dependency.
It's worth noting that npm packages are distributed as tarballs, which are compressed files that include the package's source code, as well as a package.json file with metadata about the package. npm will extract the tarball and place the package's files in the node_modules directory, making it available to your project.

3)package.json vs package-lock.json
package.json is a file that contains metadata about a project, including its name, version, author, and a list of dependencies. When you run the command npm init, npm will create a package.json file in the project's root directory. It also includes the scripts which can be run on the command line by using npm run <script name>.
package-lock.json, on the other hand, is a file that is automatically generated by npm when a project's dependencies are installed. It contains a detailed, versioned list of all the packages and their dependencies that are installed in the project. It also includes the version of the package installed, the location from where it was installed and the package's hash, which is a unique identifier that ensures that the package has not been tampered with.

PACKAGE-LOCK.JSON USE-CASE:-
With package-lock.json, when a developer runs npm install, npm will check the package-lock.json file and install the exact versions of packages that are specified in the file. This ensures that all developers are using the same versions of packages, regardless of which package manager they are using or which version of npm they have installed.

4)What does npm checks when you run npm install command?
 after running the command npm install, npm will check both package.json and package-lock.json files, if the package-lock.json is present, it will use that file to determine which versions of packages to install, and if not, it will use the version specified in the package.json file. It will then install or update the packages as necessary and update the package-lock.json file to ensure that the correct versions of packages are specified.

5)What is parcel/Webpack?Why do we need it? 
Parcel or webpack are the bundlers.
Bundlers:-
A bundler is a development tool that combines many JavaScript code files into a single one that is production-ready loadable in the browser. A fantastic feature of a bundler is that it generates a dependency graph as it traverses your first code files.
This implies that beginning with the entry point you specified, the module bundler keeps track of both your source files’ dependencies and third-party dependencies. This dependency graph guarantees that all source and associated code files are kept up to date and error-free.
VIDEO REFERENCE :- https://youtu.be/3UWlufSzO4k

6)what is difference between main and source in package.json?
 the main field is used to specify the primary JavaScript file that should be executed when the package is imported or required, it's used by package manager to run the package. The source field is used to specify the source code of the package, it's less common than the main field and it's not used by the package manager to execute the package but it's used by some other tools to understand the package source code.

7)What is .parcel-cache?
parcel stores the information of your build and uses it your while rebuilding it.The bundler do this so that it does not have to build the app again rather it uses previous information and helps in building faster.It's a reason behing faster development mode in parcel.

 8)Superpowers of parcel?
 Parcel advantages:-
1) bundling our code
2)minifying the code
3)removing all the console log(cleaning the code)
4)it does image optimization(compress them)
5)it provides caching while development->The time required to build development build first is largest and subsequently the time required decreases
6)It compresses your files(decreases the size of your js,html,css files). for eg:-it changes names of your variables (with large names )in js to some small names like alphabets/something.
7)It also handles compatability with older versions.
8)It enables https on development build.
9)It manages your port number.
10)It uses consistent hashing algorithm.
11)It has zero configuration.

9)What is npx?
npm and npx are both command-line tools that are included with Node.js and are used to manage and install packages for Node.js projects, but they have slightly different use cases and functions.
npm is best used for installing and managing packages that your project depends on, and npx is best used for running one-off commands or for trying out packages that you don't want to install globally.
When you run a command using npx and the package is not found in the local node_modules directory or in the globally installed packages, npx will automatically download the package from the npm registry and install it in a temporary location.
The package will be downloaded and installed in a temporary directory that is specific to the current command that you are running. This means that the package will only be available for the duration of the command that you are running, and it will not be installed globally or in the local node_modules directory of your project.

10)dependencies vs dev-dependencies?
dependencies is used to specify the packages that are required for your project to run in production. These are the packages that are needed for your application to function correctly and are necessary for the end-user. Examples of dependencies include libraries and frameworks that your application uses, such as React or Express.

devDependencies is used to specify the packages that are required for development and testing of your project but are not required for the application to run in production. These are the packages that are only needed during the development and testing phase, such as testing libraries, linters, transpilers, etc.

11)What is tree shaking?
Tree shaking is a technique used by modern JavaScript bundlers (such as webpack and Rollup) to eliminate unused code from the final bundle. The goal of tree shaking is to reduce the size of the bundle and improve the performance of the application by only including the code that is actually used by the application.
The process of tree shaking is based on the static analysis of the import and export statements in the source code. The bundler starts with the entry point of the application and follows the import statements to determine which modules are used by the application. Then it examines the exports of those modules to determine which exports are used by the application. Any modules or exports that are not used by the application are eliminated from the final bundle.
The term "tree shaking" comes from the idea that the bundler is "shaking" the tree of dependencies to remove the "dead branches" (unused code) and leave only the "live branches" (used code).
It's worth noting that, tree shaking works best with the ES6 module system which uses explicit import and export statements, because it allows the bundler to determine which code is used and which is not. It's less effective with CommonJS, the older module system used by Node.js, because it uses a require function that can be called dynamically at runtime, making it difficult for the bundler to determine which code is used and which is not.
Tree shaking is a powerful technique for reducing the size of the final bundle and improving the performance of the application, but it does require that your code is written in a certain way (using ES6 modules) and that the bundler you are using supports tree shaking.

Here's an example of how tree shaking works in a simple JavaScript application:

Let's say you have a JavaScript file called main.js that is the entry point of your application. This file imports two modules, moduleA and moduleB:

import { funcA } from './moduleA';
import { funcB } from './moduleB';

moduleA exports two functions, funcA and funcB
moduleB exports two functions,  funcB

In this example, main.js only uses the funcA function from moduleA and funcB from moduleB, the other funcB from moduleA is not used by the application.

When the application is built, a JavaScript bundler like webpack or Rollup will analyze the import and export statements in the code, and it will determine that the funcB function from moduleA is not used by the application. So it will eliminate that function from the final bundle, resulting in a smaller bundle size and improved performance.


12)What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it? 
`.gitignore` is a file in a Git repository that specifies files or directories that should be ignored by Git and not tracked or included in commits.The files that are required only development and auto-generated are added into it.


13)what is dist folder?
The dist (short for "distribution") folder is a common name for the directory that contains the final, deployed version of a web application. This folder typically contains the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other assets that make up the application, in a format that is optimized for production use.